# Docusaurus Provider

The Docusaurus provider builds documentation adapted for [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). It uses the [Markdown provider](./markdown-provider.md) as a base, but adds additional metadata and files for Docusaurus.

**It does not create a Docusaurus site for you, to do this, follow the [official guide](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation)**

## Metadata

The following metadata and files are added when you use the Docusaurus prodvider.

### Category item metadata

[Official docs](https://docusaurus.io/docs/sidebar/autogenerated#category-item-metadata)

The `_category_.json` file is created in what the tool considers a provider root folder. This is one level in from the `--folderPath` parameter.

This file sets the label for the folder and converts the folder name to a display name. For the example below, `key-vault` will become `Key Vault` and `web` will become `Web`.

When passing the path `/home/Users/build/reg-modules` as `--folderPath` with the following structure:

```
reg-modules
├── key-vault
│   ├── role-assignments
│   |   └── vaults-rbac.bicep
│   └── vaults.bicep
├── web
│   ├── function-app.bicep
│   ├── function-app-dedicated.bicep
│   └── web-app.bicep
└── resource-group.bicep
```

it considers `key-vault` and `web` to be the provider folders. This will generate an output structure as:

```
reg-modules-out
├── key-vault
│   ├── role-assignments
│   |   └── vaults-rbac.md
|   ├── _category_.json
│   └── vaults.md
├── web
|   ├── _category_.json
│   ├── function-app.md
│   ├── function-app-dedicated.md
│   └── web-app.md
└── resource-group.md
```

### Page Metadata

In addition to adding the category metadata, some metadata is added to the individual page.

Currently only tags are added to the page. These tags consists of the resource providers used in the template, such as `Microsoft.Web/sites`.

This can be disabled by setting `addPageTags: false` in the provider configuration.
